 --------------------------------
| Project Diary                  |
|                                |
| Elliot Griffiths - z3332776    |
| Role: Scrum Master / Developer |
| Team: Skynet                   |
| Project: Phidex                |
 --------------------------------

Week 1
    
    Wed: Attended Lecture. Discussed team work and srum style project management.

Week 2


    Wed:  Today was the first lab class of sem. Our team was formed and named Skynet.
          We discussed the three projects and decided on a variation of project 3 (Portfolio
          management application) - a crypotcurrency portfolio app with some additional
          features.
          We decided that I would be the Scrum Master and brainstormed features and a name
          for our app. Deciding on PhiDex. After this we discussed meeting times and our
          project proposal. Trello, bitbucket and google drive shared folders were created.
          We then split tasks up between group memebers and decided to aim to finish the 
          proposal draft by the coming Sunday.

    Fri:  Worked on orgaising trello boards and finishing off some task on the project
          Proposal; Profolio epic, team skill set, Aim, Exchanges Epic, Final epic choice,
          team schedule.
          I realised some areas of the project proposal were missing and so I shared around
          some extra tasks for our team to work on.


Week 3

    Wed:  In the team meeting we decided on the logo made by Patyrik and made final ajustments
          to the proposal. I asked the team to proof read over everything tonight and I will
          submit Thursday afternoon
          After finishing the proposal we all set up Android studio with the phidex project
          which I had added to bitbucket last week. We then decided the use the Nexus as our
          base phone to develop for.
          We then decided the first Sprint to be wireframing our application. We devided up the
          screens and we compare work on friday.

    Thu:  Today I made some final adjustments to the project proposal, submitted it and started
          work on my alocated wireframe screen.

Week 4

    Wed:  We started our team meeting off with discussing all our wireframes from last weeks sprint.
          Our team had many differing ideas for the best set up and design for the interface. 
          To mediate all the discussions and ideas, I wheeled over the whiteboard and drew up
          any points of confusions so we call all come to an agreed vision for the final app
          interface.
          Once we were all happy we decided on the main roles / responsibilies for all the major 
          works involved.
          
          Patryk    - Build interface and design all views, buttons, layouts.
          Emma      - Create a function which when called updates the database of all prices
          Cameron   - Create and manage the database
          Elliot    - Fill all values in app using database

Week 5

    Wed: Our weekly sprint had gone well. Patryk made good ground on the profile page, Emma had
         looked into APIs for pulling data and Cameron's research into databases helped us decide we
         would use 'Room' for local data storgae. During the meeting we gave Pat some feedback and asked
         to adjust a few aspects of the design, specifically the add button linking to a windowed pop
         up rather than a new page. Emma and Camron wrote up the schema for the data base and I looked
         into how it would be stored in the java project files. 

         Most of us are going away for the Easter break so we decided on a reduced schedual for this
         sprint. Cam would finish off the database, Emma the get function and I would fill the data
         into Pats created views. Patryk will be away for a 10 day holiday in Bali so we will need to
         finish the demo build for when he returns.

Midsem

    Wed: The majority of our team were on holidays over the easter break and mid sem week so we decided 
         to reduce the expected work to be done.

    Fri: Cameron worked on the Room database imp and I did some work creating quiaries for updating the 
         portfolio page. Generating total holidings and current coin holdings in portfolio view.

Week 6

    Sun: Emma finished off the API data gathering function and filling the database with the info.
         
    Mon: I created a recycler view for displaying the portfolio coins on the main page. To do this I
         I also needed to create a new class (CoinAdaption) which handles taking the Coin opbject
         from the database output query, counting the entries, setting up the fields and filling the
         scrollable recycler view. This was done for Coin in portfolio, coin price, and 24 hr change.

    Tue: I added some more data to the portfolio page; Calculated total sum of holdings, sub headings
         for coin info and individual coin holding value.

    Fri: Added up/down arrow to portfolio change, added number and token holding to portfolio rows

    Sat: Created Adapter to handle transactions and pass to new recycler view. Transactions should now
         display in portfolio history page.

Week 7

    Mon: Finished Transaction page. Cam worked on add button

    Tue: Created new Schedul.

    Wed: In todays meeting Cam discussed the issues he is having with the "add coin to portfolio button"
         Emma helped Cam work on getting this implemented.
         I devided up the tasks for the next sprint where we are working on the View Coin page as per below;

         Pat    - Setting up the layout for view coin page and adding tabs for the following items.
         Emma   - Chart Tab
         Cam    - News Tab
         Elliot - Stats Tab & Individual CoinTransactions Tab

Week 8

    Sun: Implimented coin transactions tab for View Coin Pgae.

    Tue: Implimented Stats Tab of View Coin page.

    Wed: Updated schedule and added new week 8/9 tasks to trello. As follows:

        Elliot  - Search page
        Emma    - Finish Charts page
        Cam     - Finish News and Start on hot currencies
        Pat     - Set up Views and data for watch list page.

Week 9 

    Sun: Spent 4 hours working on search page. I need to change the view back to the original lay out of
         Search activity separate to the Nav bar. From there I worked on trying to use Cam's implimentation
         of the auto fill from the add coin button. I was having several issues with this.

    Wed: In todays meeting we discussed what is left to do on the project. Emma and Cam had does a great
         job on the Charts and News pages respectivly. Cam had quite a lot of assignmnets and so had not
         fulled completed the hot currencies page. And myself was still struggleing with the Search.

         Jobs for the coming week:
         
         Elliot - Finish search page, start work on presentation and report
         Emma   - Clean up code, fix some bugs, fill entire database of top 100 coins with 1 pull
         Cam    - Finish hot currencies and About page
         Pat    - Refresh the coin view cards to make them look more presentable.

Week 10 

    Sat: I spent my whole saturday working on the Search page. After great frustration I got it working!!
         Very happy. 

    Wed: In our lab class we had our final demo before the presentation. Our tutor was happy with our
         our work. After this I showed the what I had in mind for the presentation in week 11 and how
         final report would be structured.

    Fri: I worked on the final presentation slides for next wednesday. I also created a draft final
         report and added all sections with instructions and alocated them to my team members. 

Week 11

    Sun: This week I will be presenting our finished app to the class. To make sure everything went
         smoothly I recored some screen captures of our app working through all the features.

    Mon: Further practise for the demo presentation.

    Wed: Presentation day. I presented my teams work and demo'd the app. The lecturer was very
         with the format for my "efficent" presentation. :)

Week 12

    Sat: Worked on the final report. Alocated work to my team members and formatted the report.

    Wed: Finished off all my sections in the final report

    Fri: Collected the APK file off Pat, Set up Dropbox link for submitting assignment as our
         file is around 150Mb we can not submit it all via Give. Submitted the assignment file
         Including Report.pdf, APK build file and a link to dropbox folder containing the project
         build files for running on android emulator in Android Studio.

