07/03/18 Week 2

Wednesday
During the first Computer Science Project Lab today we formed a team of 4 people. We decided to name it Skynet.
We read through all the project proposals and decided to work on Topic 3 - Stock portfolio management, which appealed to us the most.
However after an in-depth discussion we came up with a variation of the project.

Rather than focusing on stock exchange, our project will deal with Cryptocurrencies.
After a rundown of the required and "must have" features we picked to create an Android Application. We called it PhiDex.

We then quickly discussed our meeting times and have broken up the work between us for the proposal. A decision was made to finish the draft by Sunday. 

14/03/18 Week 3

Wednesday
This week I created a few draft logos which I shared with the rest of the team on our facebook group chat. One logo was particularly liked by everyone so
i created the final design. After that i finished the "background" writeup for our proposal which i have started last week.

During this weeks lab, we have further disscussed the epics we will deliver for our app.
I presented the finished logo/icon design, which all the team members agreed to. We then made some final adjustements to our proposal
which is ready for submission. We have also decided to draw some wireframes of the different activities in our app and share them with eachother
during our next meeting.

Sunday
Today I have finished designing the wireframes that I picked on Wednesday - portfolio and watchlist activities. I have thought about the overall look of the app
and came up with a few ideas which I will share with the team during our next meeting.

21/03/18 Week 4

Wednesday
During the lab, after a long discussion we have finalised what our app will look like. We went through the wireframes we have created and came up 
with a universal design. The main obstacle we encountered was the user flow, i.e. what happens when a user clicks a button and what should happen. 
By the end of the lab we had a ready prototype and we have broken up the roles according to each other's liking. The purpose of this was to establish 
each persons main focus for the overall project. I will deal with the design and user flow. This will include: general graphics, buttons, banners, headers, 
colours, what happens when a button is clicked, function triggering, etc. Since this is a large task, we have agreed that from time to time someone will help me. 
After this was settled, since I have some experiance, Elliot asked me to give everyone a quick run down of how Android Studio works and how to make 
apps in general. 

Sunday
For the past 3 days I started to develop the main UI of our app. What I managed to finish is the drawer, or in other words the menu that appears once the
hamburger icon in the top left corner is clicked. In there I designed the header banner and placed our logo with a one line decription of the app.
Now, the menu also includes the different activities accessible by one click, as well as a search function. 
We discussed what needs to be here last Wednesday. I changed the default style of the app into a customized one based on our preffered look and colours.
The icon has also been developed and will appear when the app is downloaded.
After the menu, I started to work on the main activity, which is the Portfolio page. At this moment I have managed to place half of our logo at the top 
of the screen, where the overall balance and some additional info of the portfolio will be placed inside. 
The relevant TextView for the balance is also implemented. 
What i still have to work on next week are: change activity on click in the menu, further develop balance TextView, implement add button. 

28/03/18 Week 5

Wednesday
Just as we started the lab, I discussed and presented what I've implemented for the past week. I asked the group weather there is anything I should
change. Since there was no objections, we discussed whats next to be implemented and how it should look like. Once this was established I got staright to
work. During the lab I cleaned up and removed the redudant code, created all necessary activities and implemented the pop-up window which appears when 
the plus button is clicked in the Portfolio Activity.

11/04/18 Week 6

Wednesday
During the lab I redisgned the pop up window, which included making custom buttons through the use of vectors. Now the pop-up has the final look.
we discussed what needs to be done and have broken up the tasks accordingly. We agreed to redesign the GUI of the app, to be similiar to the pop-up window, 
which everyone liked. Another of my tasks is to design and add an image to each coin in the portfolio, as well as to change the color of the text,
either red or green depending on the gain or loss in price of the coin. 
I started redesigning the GUI and designed initial coin icons.

Thursday
For an unknown reason, my build didnt want to compile. After a few hours of work on trying to fix it, I was unsuccessful. The only solution I had was to
go back to one of the previous commits and pull from the remote repo. By doing so, I have lost all the work I did. 

Sunday 
Managed to reproduce my lost work.

Monday
Continued working on the redesign of the Portfolio Activity. Changed the overall style. Each coins tab in the Recycler View has been divided by a line.
Managed to change "1D % Change" text colours to green or red depending on the gain or loss. At the same time implemented little arrows which reflect that change.
A default icon was set up for every coin in the Recycler View. The main challenge was to dynamically change the image based on the coin name. In the end,
I implemented it.

18/04/18 Week 7

Wednesday
At the start of the lab we discussed that we are almost happy with Portfolio Activity. Further change to the GUI will be made if I have time in between other 
tasks. We decided to start working on the Coin View activity. Before the rest of the team starts working on it, I must set up the activity with all the Views.

Saturday 
Fully implemented tabs in View Coin Activity. Also. GUI of the activity made with coin image and coin price.

25/04/18 Week 8

Wednesday 
Due to Anzac Day our meeting was posponed to the next week. However, we agreed that we're going to continue working on what we were doing before.
Started to implement nicer design pattern to the activities.

02/05/18 Week 9

Wednesday
Today we broken up the tasks for this week. I will work on the Watchlist Activity which will allow a user to add a coin to their watchlist. If time allows I
would also like to change the way our Recycler Views looks.

Thursday 
Implemented Watchlist Activity and the pop-up window, which includes an auto-fill function.
However, I had a problem with populating the recycler view - adding coins to the watch list. For some reason I could only add to the list if the coin is added 
to the portfolio. Asked Emma for help.

Saturday
With the Watchklist Activity fully implemented I started working on the recycler view. I changed the whole design to a more modern one. During the process I decided
to use a card view within the recycler view. Further changes where made to the font and placement of text and image in the card. Eventually, the re-design
was complete

09/05/18 Week 10

Wednesday 
In the lab we had a demo with the TA, where we presented our app and the progress we made since the last demo.
Afterwards, we discussed what needs to be tied up for next weeks presentation. To our surprise everything we wanted is implemented with only a few small
bugs we need to fix. There are also some retouches to the design that need to be done, for example the stats in the viewcoin. I also have to add all
the remaining coin logos to the Drawable folder. We devided the work accordingly.

Saturday
Finished re-designing the stats page in ViewCoin.

Sunday
Top 100 coins have been added to the app. Now logos appear for all our coins.

14/05/18 Week 11

Monday
Final re-design and code cleaned up. Released the project which involved creating project key that is used for Play store release as a proof of owner identity and
finalising security of the app. The final APK has been build allowing any user to install their app on their Android phone.

Wednesday
In lab presentation was given by the team. Overall I think it went very well with no major issues. The project is officaily closing. Work on the final
write-up needed.

23/05/18 Week 12

Friday
Finished writing up the final report. Missing coin logos were added to the app. Arrow pointing at the plus button in Portfolio Activity is implemented. 
Project is officialy closed.

